Sadakichi, come here for a moment.
Yes, what can I do for you?
I have something to do, so I'm calling you.
Oh, you called me, so I came.
Well, sit there.
What can I do for you?
I need a big supply.
A big supply?
It seems to be a big supply.
If it's a big supply, let's pray while standing.
When you stand up after hearing the prayer,
you will be blessed with a blessing.
It's not a modern custom to waste precious time.
I hope you don't feel sorry for the prayer.
It's like a speech.
Sit there.
Why are you hiding something from the master?
I don't remember hiding it.
You're lying.
You have evidence.
If you don't say it, I'll tell you.
You won't say it with a loud voice.
You won't hear it with a small voice.
Don't be a joke.
I went to see flowers with Jo, Ba, Tokusaburo and you.
Tell me about that time.
What do you think it is?
The love romance between Tokudon and the princess
didn't fit in the husband's ears.
If this happens, I will be a Japanese man.
I will confess.
The beginning of this story is...
...the time of the night.
The flowers that bloom now and the flowers that bloom later.
The people are all around.
It's stupid.
It's about the brave man.
It doesn't matter.
This is also included in the Tetsuzuki family.
I prepared it and put it on the table.
I asked the princess to call the banquet.
She said she didn't like the banquet.
She wanted two cars for two people.
Nowadays, the people's cars are a big deal.
It's an anachronism.
So I put it on the table for two people.
But I didn't want to die.
I put two cars for two people.
I came with the princess, Tokudon and Ainori.
I can't do Ainori with you and Ba.
I'll tell you why.
Ba is a fat-shouldered man.
His straight lines are very developed.
His muscles are extremely extended.
He is about 31 inches tall.
He weighs 1.5 tons.
I don't have that much.
If I put it on the car, I won't be able to do it.
I need to sort out the price.
Ba, what should I do?
You can't help it.
I was beaten by Ba.
I got off the boat and arrived at the inn.
The boat was different.
It was different from the motor boat.
I was in a hurry to get some tea.
I ate the rice cake.
I didn't have any rice cake left.
I went home and ate it.
I'm not joking.
I went up the hill.
I saw the faces of the guests.